Good night to you, juca kfouri.
Okay, okay now. Okay, everything.
Great is not better and bring good ones.
on the conquest of the corinthians juca a
excellent game deserved a second time
impeccable and we have a doubt that
I do not know if you want to start with this.
but it is that the trophy osmar santos
if you will give pro enter the plan and sound
is well by the work as a whole
of course it's political theory but I think
that Tite himself prefers to be
who does he does not do it in
The male organizes the team to do the
who turned out late to be the hero of the night
and if people we were used to
to help them from the Arab world and now we have
a range of americas
so it's not for anyone even more
if you think of the things he said
because which is one of the oldest songs
of Corinthian Corinthian fans
maloqueiro and sufferer
Thank God, what chang says
mouth of the players juniors
I am provoked I'm from Rio de Janeiro
I'm periphery, I'm making her boot the boot
Fear more Corinthian than this is
impossible you look today yet again
today still play the pacaembu the play of
firecrackers why is there so within the
daylight dawned yesterday
and tonight was practically impossible
Sunday in this region is cheerleading thing
of corinthians is not had something of
strange year had some had a
strange force in the air had undoubtedly
none and who was here felt
this strange force in the air
I have not the slightest doubt and the mouth
juniors felt this strange force in the air
no doubt because he did not
one-tenth of what was expected to
to make such an experienced team a team so
victorious so cool
in fact the corinthians mainly
when did you notice
was the juniors mouth in the pocket in his pocket
do not risk the whole game there was
a bump that the drum bore through the
defense more difficult but if he did
with practice even to raise the
and the course was already gaining
game of an open then it really is the
corinthians yesterday made a great first
time was still nervous but came back
for the second time with absolute
their fears and rivals and made
2 - 0 as he could.
it was an undisputed victory and I
I do not have an arbitration error to
find excuse
Finally Corinthians won the
liberators
with a script that the spirit is
would sign up for the effects
that were seen yesterday in the
pacaembu but won the liberators
having defeated three champions of the
liberators as vasco as saints
three-time champion in the final is
champion actually make 14 games
unbeaten when the undefeated
maximum made 7 our great saints
of the pelé in 63 when he was undefeated champion
played four times more often is like
against the botafogo and drew a
pacaembu garrincha nor played won
another on the river from 4 to 0 and then
two of the mouth one in the maracanã and the end in the
bombonera that something is a partner
actually registered but the four
Corinthians plays as 14 fourteen
games a lot just happened to stay
under the whole of 80%
she likes crazy, there's nobody who
has done something similar right
I repeat to you and the greatest unbeaten
grandson is played seven games
so she something to take the hat off
Of course this corinthians team is not
the best Brazilian team champion
liberators
far from it because we have the saints of the
skin
we have São Paulo's sao paulo
of raison
we have the flamenco of zico we have is the item
the Basque in its centenary the cruise of
76 March 1 the two-time Inter champion that was
very good but it 's nobody
I'm not going to discuss quality, I'm
talking numbers is the corinthians is the
greatest champion in the history of
liberators of america
in terms of numbers without any doubt
juca we will formalize here the trophy but
before we formalize for a tank of the
America
the trophy osmar saints remind me emerson
made the goal that defeated the Saints in the village
Belmiro is true if they did not yesterday
the two goals that defeated the mouth
juniors there is no reason not to give him the
but also goes beyond
obviously from the record that tite deserves
but there is also a
Mystical thing that I think will not
to be registered yesterday was seven months
death of Doctor Socrates give some
way 2 Socrates appeared on the heel
from danilo giving emerson pass to do
the first street juca bosmans trophy
juca moving here now to the
brazil today 1st match palmeiras and coritiba
play here in the arena barueri and already have a
seriously disappear the simba palm trees